the gem animal I am the average use
planalto.gov.br
and today I share with you a
news and on August 19 the last
site express published more news
that a haunted doll would have
disappeared from a museum in the states
United
It's just not that good news.
recent you enjoy and thank
very much the partnership offered by corn
long and now here in the corner of the blog
the little doll of honor to see you
never without words
thank I even went back demand
scraps first is that I feel leave me
I'm scared and my biggest long dream is
Pierrot put a couple of love
your hair
I felt the drama of passion
the doll in question had the face
White porcelain creep and a
smile that sent shivers down the
spine
this doll that used to require one of the
The World's Most Haunted Houses Owns
an even more frightening story
that its ghostly appearance the museum
audubon house located in key west
united states florida inside the stage
of numerous launches of spenders and
strange sensations according to witnesses
the house belonged to captain jack gaga a
famous wrecker
ships and their 12 children for over
200 years
despite the reports not the most
than the camera chai gift or
the doll camera team that was a
attraction of the house museum say this
doll would be more timid power before a
the camera since whenever someone tried to
take a picture of the doll something
always happened to prevent photography
hundreds of visitors and passersby have
witness the appearance of children going
crying and playing in the nursery of the house
the captain of the church himself would have
been seen walking with his daughter Ana
by the gardens
believe that the doll belonged to
girl whose sad portrait is still
in the house and say that the image causes
Tears in some visitors tell that
when an epidemic of cholera is
sweeping the city
many sick children were taken away
to the nursery where the children would
pass your last days on 143 ivo klec
sharp away from the city afraid
So many children died in this house that
the room itself would have gone cold maura
of death felt by tourists ie
say that those who go there feel cold in the
place
the house was to date the museum in 1960
at which time the doll was placed in
a baby stroller toy in the
corner of the movie recreated opponent
then as an elaborate system of
was installed the healer of the
museum was constantly called to
investigate motion alarms
shot at the museum
naturally that when there was no
no one in the dawn of eye activity
would always be in the children's room and the
security personnel
frequently reported seeing someone
or something in the window but when
investigate
there was no one as if the doll
strange appearance called shy
block the machines in some way
photographic
the images just do not appear or
stripes or black spots appear on the
Photograph
to give a good example, the part
behind a photographer's camera jumped
suddenly exposing the film and destroying
the image
This photographer was a director plan
shoot a series to discover chan and
was determined to disprove the
story of the shy doll
So he came back and took more photos.
the seal video presence is one of which he
took the last picture of the doll
note that it has a black spot clearly
visible in the image field
intrigued by experience
the director decided to film the stranger
story but on the morning it is
planned to start filming
museum staff arrived and did not
found the doll as if it had
gone none of the students would have been
fired or versed in the house
the doll mysteriously would have escaped
and was never seen again
like I said at the beginning of this video on
August 19, 2015
the express site has published the case as a
recent night
only investigating I ran into a video
2008 showing a bit of the museum and
counting that already that year
the doll was not there anymore
week in theater can register
of the work of the British barclays in watts
In general, it wants to demonstrate that
The Lord Consciousness never ending on
line bruno termites shows
Good, I do not know if this case is a blow.
was an attempt to come
to oscillate in stealing the toy
I just know that I do not want to imagine this
doll in paradise for the guests to
watch the brax